Doc: Update cvp version support for schedule option (#546)
aristanetworks/ansible-cvp: ansible_collections/arista/cvp/docs/how-to/v3/cv_change_control_v3.md

  - `state: approve`: Approve Change control
  - `state: unapprove`: Unpprove Change control
  - `state: execute`: Execute Change control

>   - `state: schedule`: Schedule Change control (available only on cvp2022.1.0 and newer)

Author: ```suggestion
  - `state: schedule`: Schedule Change control (available only on CVP 2022.1.0 and newer or CVaaS)
```

  - `state: approve_and_execute`: Approve and Execute Change control

>   - `state: schedule_and_approve`: Schedule and Approve Change control (available only on cvp2022.1.0 and newer)

Reviewer: can we change both of the above to `(available only on CVP 2022.1.0 and newer or CVaaS)`

>   - `state: schedule_and_approve`: Schedule and Approve Change control (available only on cvp2022.1.0 and newer)

Author: ```suggestion
  - `state: schedule_and_approve`: Schedule and Approve Change control (available only on CVP 2022.1.0 and newer or CVaaS)
```
